---
layout: page.html
title: Privacy Policy
slug: privacy
permalink: /privacy/
---

## Data protection

We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your
personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data
protection regulations and this privacy policy.

If you use this website, various pieces of personal data might be collected.
Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified.
This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for.
It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.

Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email
communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your
data from third-party access is not possible.

## Notice concerning the party responsible for this website

The party responsible for processing data on this website is:

Alexander Danmayer

Felberstrasse 98 / 46 1150 Vienna, Austria

[a.danmayer@koolesache.com](mailto:a.danmayer@koolesache.com)

The responsible party is the natural or legal person who jointly with others
decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email
addresses, etc.).

## Revocation of your consent to the processing of your data

Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You
may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making
this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request
may still be legally processed.

## Information, blocking, deletion

As permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with
information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as
well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been
processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or
deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal
notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.

## Third Party Services

Depending on what features and services you use we store different data.

### Google Analytics

To tracks visitor interaction with the website we use Google Analytics. That
being said, we do not transmit any personal data to Google Analytics. IPs are
anonmyized and cookie usage is deactivated for Google Analytics. The data we
gather is stored for 24 months.

### Netlify

The website is hosted via the service Netlify. By visiting the website Netlify
stores access logs including the IP addresses, stored for less than 30 days.

### Paddle

Our order process is conducted by our online reseller
[Paddle.com](http://paddle.com/). [Paddle.com](http://paddle.com/) is the
Merchant of Record for all our orders. Paddle provides all customer service
inquiries and handles returns.

### Sirportly

To manage incoming requests via email as well as social media correspandance we
use the service Sirportly. Further information can be found on the
[Sirportly Privacy Statement](https://sirportly.com/legal/privacy).

## Questions and Feedback

We try to keep our privacy policy transparent and easy to understand. In case
you have any questions or do not understand parts of it, please let us know if
we can improve it further or if you have any other questions:
[hello@koolesache.com](mailto:hello@koolesache.com).

## Changes

We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time
without prior notice. Please review this document especially before you provide
any information. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated
below. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this
Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised
Privacy Policy.

The last update to our Privacy Statement was posted on March 4th, 2019.
